# Git/GitHub Assignment

* **INDIVIDUAL ASSIGNMENT**
* **Due date**: Feb-7th 11:59PM
* **How to submit**: Finish both parts below and submit the following to **BBLearn**:
     1. The markdown file created as the result of Part 1
     2. A screenshot of the pull request (to my repository) created on Part 2

## Description
This assignment is composed of two parts. 
- [Part 1](#Part-1-Dealing-with-git) consists of executing a sequence of commands and giving explanations about the commands you have to run. For each question, please provide appropriate explanation and/or the details requested.

- [Part 2](#Part-2-Using-GitHub) consists of creating a Markdown file on a fork of this course and creating a pull request towards this repo.

### Part 1: Dealing with git

To conduct this, you will have to download [handson.zip](handson.zip) and unzip it in your local machine. **Note:** handson folder is a git repository.

Then, follow these steps:

**On GitHub:**
1. Create a new repository under your GitHub account called *OpenSource* (it may be private);
2. Create a file called *"A2_GitHub.md"*;
3. Copy the questions from this section and paste in your *"A2_GitHub.md"* file (tip: to copy the questions, click on *"Raw"* at the right-top of this file; this will show you the markdown source);
4. For each empty grey box, please provide an answer to the questions below.
5. Invite me to see your new repository. This will allow you to keep a private repository that only you and me will be able to see.


**On your local machine:** Using the command line, find and access the "handson/" directory (if you didn't download and unzip the file, go back to the beginning of Part 1's instructions). Then, answer the following questions (on your *A2_GitHub.md* file):

1. List all the branches in this repository and, for each branch, list the commits.

    - Use `git branch` to list the branches in this repository.
    - Use `git checkout` to explore each branch.
    - Use `git log --decorate` to explore the structure of commits.

```


```

2. Try `git log --graph --all` to see the commit tree. Paste the result here and write a paragraph to provide an interpretation of what you found.
```


```

3. Choose an already existing branch and use `git diff BRANCH_NAME` to view the differences from a branch and the current branch. Summarize the difference from master to the other branch.

```


```

4. Write a command sequence to merge the branch that is not the master branch into `master`.

```


```


5. Write a command (or sequence) to (i) create a new branch called `math` (from the `master`) and (ii) change to this branch.

```


```
   
6. Edit B.py adding the following source code below the content you have there.
```
print 'I know math, look:'
print 2+2
```

7. Write a command (or sequence) to commit your changes.
```


```

8. Change back to the `master` branch and change B.py adding the following source code (commit your change to `master`):
```
print 'hello world!'
```

9. Write a command sequence to merge the `math` branch into `master` and describe what happened.
```


```
   
10. Write a set of commands to abort the merge.
```


```
   
11. Now repeat item 9, but proceed with the manual merge (editing B.py). All implemented methods are needed. Explain your procedure.
```


```

12. Write a command (or set of commands) to proceed with the merge and make `master` branch up-to-date.
```


```

13. Complete Part 2. Then, come back here and answer the following:
Report your experience of submitting the Part 2. Please, include the steps you followed, the commands you used, and the hurdles you faced (within the file you created for the **Part 1**).
```


```

### Part 2: Using GitHub

The goal of this assignment is to put you in touch with the fork-pull request process, with an extra of dealing a little bit with Markdown. To learn more about Markdown [click here](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

To complete this submission, follow these steps:

1. Fork the course repository (available [here](https://github.com/igorsteinmacher/CS499-OSS)).

2. Into the folder called `students`, create a markdown file called LASTNAME_FIRSTNAME.md (please change LASTNAME_FIRSTNAME for your actual last and first names). 

3. Use markdown to write a report of the last paper you've read. You can structure your markdown the way you want, but the following information must be there:
- Title
- Venue (journal name/conference)
- Number of pages
- Link to the paper online

4. Commit your file and push to your own GitHub repository (CS499-OSS).

5. Create a pull request to the course repository. Your pull request needs to appear [here](https://github.com/igorsteinmacher/CS499-OSS/pulls).

6. Go back to Part 1 and answer the question 13 based on your experience in solving Part 2.

Your Part 2 submission is complete when your pull request is listed in the link above.
