## Paper Presentation
### General Instructions

**GROUP ASSIGNMENT**
**Deadline/Submit by:** Thursday, February 14 *BEFORE CLASS (2:20 PM)*

You are required to read the two papers below and prepare a short essay and a 4-min presentation for each of them:
* For the essay:
    - focus on summarizing the problem, the goal, how the authors show what they are doing, what are the highlights. 
    - Please add a shor paragraph with your opinion/impressions about the paper. 
    - Take the year it was published into account.
    - Your essay should be no longer than 1 page (single column, times/arial 11 or 12)
* For the presentation:
    - Focus on the essence (the topics listed for the essay are a good way to go)
    - Be prepared to answer a few questions about the paper
    - I will select 2 groups/day for presentation

* How to submit:
    - Submit to BBLearn (please submit 1 per group and add the others' names)
    - Please submit both the presentation AND the essay by the deadline.

* These are the 2 papers you have to read:
1. Yunwen Ye and Kouichi Kishida. 2003. Toward an understanding of the motivation Open Source Software developers. In Proceedings of the 25th International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE '03). IEEE Computer Society, Washington, DC, USA, 419-429. Available at https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=776867
2. Brian Fitzgerald "The transformation of open source software." Mis Quarterly (2006): 587-598. Available at https://www.jstor.org/stable/25148740


