## Paper Presentation
### General Instructions

**GROUP ASSIGNMENT**
**Deadline/Submit by:** Tuesday, March 21 *BEFORE CLASS (2:20 PM)*

You are required to read the 2 papers below and prepare a short essay for each of them and a 4-min presentation for one of your choice:
* For the essays:
    - focus on summarizing the problem, the goal, how the authors show what they are doing, what are the highlights. 
    - Please add a short paragraph with your opinion/impressions about the paper. 
    - Take the year it was published into account.
    - Your essays should be no longer than 1 page (single column, times/arial 11 or 12)
* For the presentation:
    - Focus on the essence (the topics listed for the essay are a good way to go)
    - Be prepared to answer a few questions about the paper
    - I will select 2 groups/day for presentation

* How to submit:
    - Submit to BBLearn (please submit 1 per group and add the others' names)
    - You must submit 2 essays (It can be a single file or 2 separate files) and the presentation.

* These are the paper you should read:
   - E. Dias, P. Meirelles, F. Castor, I. Steinmacher, I. Wiese and G. Pinto, "What Makes a Great Maintainer of Open Source Projects?," 2021 IEEE/ACM 43rd International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE), Madrid, ES, 2021, pp. 982-994, https://doi.org/10.1109/ICSE43902.2021.00093.
   - Miller, C., Widder, D. G., Kästner, C., & Vasilescu, B. "Why do people give up flossing? A study of contributor disengagement in open source" In IFIP International Conference on Open Source Systems (pp. 116-129). Springer, Cham. http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~ckaestne/pdf/oss19.pdf



